RQL command fix (#16590)
demisto/content: Packs/PrismaCloud/ReleaseNotes/2_0_6.md

#### Integrations
##### Prisma Cloud (RedLock)

> - Change get-rql-response command to the `/search` endpoint instead of `/search/config` endpoint
> - Change the location of the timeRange model to the correct location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change ***redlock-get-rql-response*** command to use `/search` API instead of `/search/config` API.
- Fixed an issue in ***redlock-get-rql-response*** command where the **timeRange** wasn't calculated correctly.
```
